.TH tApplication 3  "July 19, 2020" "the-libs" "theSuite Manual"

THIS MANPAGE IS A WORK IN PROGRESS!

.SH NAME
tApplication \- base application class

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <tapplication.h>

.SH DESCRIPTION
The base application class, basically a wrapper around QApplication to add some extra stuff the About dialog can display, and then some other stuff.

.SH CLASSES
.IP - 2
.BI "tApplication (int " &argc ", char " **argv ")"
.br
Instantiates a tApplication

.SH SLOTS
.IP - 2
.BI "void registerCrashTrap ()"
.br
???
.IP - 2
.BI "QStringList exportBacktrace ()"
.br
???
.IP - 2
.BI "void setApplicationIcon (QIcon " icon ")"
.br
Sets the current application's window icon to \fIicon\fP
.IP - 2
.BI "void setShareDir (QString " shareDir ")"
.br
Sets the current application's shared files directory to \fIshareDir\fP. This is vital for finding the translation files.
.IP - 2
.BI "void setGenericName (QString " genericName ")"
.br
Used in \fBtAboutDialog\fP(3). Sets the current application's generic name to \fIgenericName\fP. The application's \fIgeneric name\fP would be a general description of the application in the form of, e.g. "Firefox is a \fI(web browser)\fP".
.IP - 2
.BI "void setAboutDialogSplashGraphic (QPixmap " aboutDialogSplashGraphic ")"
.br
Used in \fBtAboutDialog\fP(3). Sets the image that would appear in the left-hand side of about dialog. 
.IP - 2
.BI "void addLibraryVersion (QString " libraryName ", QString " version ")"
.br
Used in \fBtAboutDialog\fP(3). Specifies the library used along with its version number. This information would be appended to the "PROGRAMS" section of the about dialog.
.IP - 2
.BI "void addCopyrightLine (QString " copyrightLine ")"
.br
Used in \fBtAboutDialog\fP(3). Appends a custom copyright line beneath the default copyright message.
.IP - 2
.BI "void setCopyrightHolder (QString " copyrightHolder ")"
.br
Used in \fBtAboutDialog\fP(3). Sets the following portion of the default copyright message: "Copyright (c) \fIAuthorName\fP Year"
.IP - 2
.BI "void setCopyrightYear (QString " copyrightYear ")"
.br
Used in \fBtAboutDialog\fP(3). Sets the following portion of the default copyright message: "Copyright (c) AuthorName \fIYear\fP"
.IP - 2
.BI "void setApplicationLicense (KnownLicenses " license ")"
.br
Used in \fBtAboutDialog\fP(3). Declares the application's software license to be one of the following:
.RS 4
.IP - 2
.I KnownLicenses::Gpl3
.br
GNU General Public License version 3
.IP - 2
.I KnownLicenses::Gpl3OrLater
.br
GNU General Public License version 3 or (at your option) a later version
.IP - 2
.I KnownLicenses::Gpl2
.br
GNU General Public License version 2
.IP - 2
.I KnownLicenses::Gpl2OrLater
.br
GNU General Public License version 2 or (at your option) a later version
.I KnownLicenses::Lgpl3
.br
GNU Lesser General Public License version 3
.IP - 2
.I KnownLicenses::Lgpl3OrLater
.br
GNU Lesser General Public License version 3 or (at your option) a later version
.IP - 2
.I KnownLicenses::Lgpl2_1
.br
GNU Lesser General Public License version 2.1
.IP - 2
.I KnownLicenses::Lgpl2_1OrLater
.br
GNU Lesser General Public License version 2.1 or (at your option) a later version
.I KnownLicenses::Other
.br
Use this to specify a custom license
.RE
.IP - 2
.BI "QPixmap aboutDialogSplashGraphicFromSvg (QString " svgFile ")"
.br
Used in \fBtAboutDialog\fP(3). Generates a pixmap from the specified \fIsvgFile\fP path, meant for use with \fBsetAboutDialogSplashGraphic()\fP.
.IP - 2
.BI "void installTranslators ()"
.br
???
.IP - 2
.BI "QString macOSBundlePath ()"
.br
???
.IP - 2
.BI "void restart ()"
.br
???

.SH SIGNALS
.IP - 2
.BI "void openFile (QString " file ")"
.br
???
.IP - 2
.BI "void updateTranslators ()"
.br
???

.SH SEE ALSO
\fBthe-libs\fR(7),
\fBtAboutDialog\fR(3)

.SH BUGS
See:
\%https://github.com/vicr123/the-libs/issues

.SH AUTHOR
\fBthe-libs\fP is created by
.MT vicr12345@\:gmail.com
Victor Tran
.ME
.PP
This manpage is written by
.MT daxuya.zumi+docs@\:protonmail.com
Zumi
.ME
